com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/quizapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.quizapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/quizapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.quizapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/quizapp/di/AppModule_ProvideOfflineQuestionsFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideOfflineQuestionsFactory
com/example/quizapp/databinding/CategoryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.CategoryItemBindingImpl
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/QuestionsViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.QuestionsViewModel_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/quizapp/databinding/AnswerItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.AnswerItemBindingImpl
com/example/quizapp/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl$1
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.quizapp.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/quizapp/di/AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FragmentQuestionsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FragmentQuestionsBindingImpl
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FinalDialogBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FinalDialogBindingImpl
com/example/quizapp/di/AppModule_ProvideOfflineCategoriesFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideOfflineCategoriesFactory
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/QuestionsViewModel_Factory_Impl.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.QuestionsViewModel_Factory_Impl
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FragmentQuestionsBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FragmentQuestionsBinding
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/CategoryViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/quizapp/databinding/BottomSheetBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.BottomSheetBinding
com/example/quizapp/databinding/BottomSheetBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.BottomSheetBindingImpl
com/example/quizapp/repositories/MainRepo_Factory.java
 com.example.quizapp.repositories.MainRepo_Factory
com/example/quizapp/ui/fragments/Hilt_QuestionsFragment.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.fragments.Hilt_QuestionsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_ui_fragments_QuestionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_ui_fragments_QuestionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_quizapp_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_quizapp_MainApplication
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FinalDialogBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FinalDialogBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_ui_fragments_CategoryFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_ui_fragments_CategoryFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/quizapp/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/example/quizapp/di/AppModule_ProvideQuizApiFactory.java
 com.example.quizapp.di.AppModule_ProvideQuizApiFactory
com/example/quizapp/ui/fragments/QuestionsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.fragments.QuestionsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_di_AppModule
com/example/quizapp/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.quizapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FragmentCategoryBindingImpl.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FragmentCategoryBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_ui_viewmodels_CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_ui_viewmodels_CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/quizapp/ui/fragments/Hilt_CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.fragments.Hilt_CategoryFragment
com/example/quizapp/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/quizapp/BR.java
 com.example.quizapp.BR
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/CategoryViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_MembersInjector
com/example/quizapp/databinding/AnswerItemBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.AnswerItemBinding
com/example/quizapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.quizapp.BuildConfig
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/QuestionsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.QuestionsViewModel_Factory
com/example/quizapp/MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/quizapp/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.example.quizapp.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.example.quizapp.Hilt_MainApplication$1
com/example/quizapp/ui/fragments/CategoryFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.fragments.CategoryFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_quizapp_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_quizapp_MainApplication
com/example/quizapp/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_quizapp_ui_viewmodels_CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_quizapp_ui_viewmodels_CategoryViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/quizapp/databinding/FragmentCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.FragmentCategoryBinding
com/example/quizapp/ui/fragments/QuestionsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.fragments.QuestionsFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/quizapp/databinding/CategoryItemBinding.java
 com.example.quizapp.databinding.CategoryItemBinding
com/example/quizapp/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.quizapp.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.quizapp.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/example/quizapp/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/quizapp/ui/viewmodels/CategoryViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.quizapp.ui.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
